NAME
    Win32::EventLog::Carp - for carping in the Windows NT Event Log

REQUIREMENTS
      Carp
      Win32::EventLog

    These should be standard modules on Win32 systems.

  Installation

    Installation is pretty standard:

      perl Makefile.PL
      nmake
      nmake test
      nmake install

    If you have Module::Build installed, you can use the following:

      perl Build.PL
      perl Build
      perl Build test
      perl Build install

    Note that the tests for this module will post to the event log!

  Known Issues with Installation

    * WinZip is unable to use POSIX-style long pathnames in tar files,
      so it may ignore the directory structure of this package's 
      distribution.  Alternate gzip and tar utilities can be found at
      http://gnuwin32.sourceforge.net or http://unxutils.sourceforge.net

    * The tests may fail on some systems.  If it fails, check your event
      logs to verify that your Application log contains events with
      messages of the form:

        test,cluck,2,1103305379 at t\01-basic.t line 124

      if so, it works and can be installed.

      In certain other cases, tests will fail the first time they are
      run on a system, but will succeed the second time they are run.

SYNOPSIS
      use Win32::EventLog::Carp;
      croak "We're outta here!";

      use Win32::EventLog::Carp qw(cluck);
      cluck "This is how we got here!";

DESCRIPTION
    `Win32::EventLog::Carp' traps warnings and fatal errors in Perl and
    reports these errors in the Windows NT Event Log. This is useful for
    scripts which run as services or through the scheduler, and for
    CGI/ISAPI scripts.

    The interface is similar to `Carp': the `carp', `croak' and `confess'
    functions are exported (with `cluck' being optional). You need only
    change references of "Carp" to "Win32::EventLog::Carp" to begin using
    this module.

    A more detailed description can be found in the module's POD docu-
    mentation.

REVISION HISTORY
    Changes since Win32::EventLog::Carp v1.37.  (Note: potential
    incompatabilities are marked with '*'.)

    1.38  Fri Dec 17 2004
	- removed extraneous "ignoring event" message in tests
	- fixed issue with tests failing on machines w/full logs
	- added SIGNATURE to distribution
	- added warning in README about WinZip and tests

    A detailed revision history is in the Changes file included with
    this distribution.

AUTHOR
    Robert Rothenberg <rrwo at cpan.org>

LICENSE
    Copyright (c) 2000-2004 Robert Rothenberg. All rights reserved. This
    program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
    the same terms as Perl itself.
